 Red Dead Redemption 2 100% Completion (and much more) Checklist   

Main Story Missions Chapter 1: Colter 1. Outlaws from the West 2. Enter, Pursued by a Memory 3. The Aftermath of Genesis 4. Old Friends 5. Who the Hell is Leviticus Cornwall? 6. Eastward Bound. Chapter 2: Horseshoe Overlook 1. Polite Society, Valentine Style  2. Americans at Rest 3. Who is Not Without Sin? 4. Exit Pursued by a Bruised Ego 5. The First Shall Be Last 6. Paying a Social Call 7. A Quiet Time 8. Blessed Are the Meek? 9. Good, Honest, Snake Oil * 10. We Loved Once and True I* 11. We Loved Once and True II* 12. We Loved Once and True III* 13. Money Lending and Other Sins I * 14. Money Lending and Other Sins II * 15. Money Lending and Other Sins III 16. The Spines of America 17. Pouring Forth Oil I * 18. Pouring Forth Oil II * 19. Pouring Forth Oil III 20. Pouring Forth Oil IV 21. A Fisher of Men 22. An American Pastoral Scene 23. The Sheep and the Goats 24. A Strange Kindness    Chapter 3: Clemens Point 1. The New South 2. Further Questions of Female Suffrage 3. Money Lending and Other Sins IV * 4. American Distillation  5. The Course of True Love I * 6. The Course of True Love II * 7. The Course of True Love III * 8. Advertising, the New American Art  9. Horse Flesh for Dinner  10. The Fine Joys of Tobacco 11. Magicians for Sport 12. Friends in Very Low Places 13. An Honest Mistake 14. Preaching Forgiveness as He Went 15. Sodom? Back to Gomorrah  16. Blessed Are the Peacemakers 17. A Short Walk in Pretty Town 18. Blood Feuds, Ancient and Modern 19. The Battle of Shady Belle  Chapter 4: Saint-Denis 1. The Joys of Civilization  2. Angelo Bronte, A Man of Honor 3. Money Lending and Other Sins V * 4. Fatherhood and Other Dreams I * 5. Fatherhood and Other Dreams II * 6. No, No and Thrice No 7. The Gilded Cage 8. A Fine Night of Debauchery 9. American Fathers I 10. American Fathers II 11. Horsemen, Apocalypses 12. Urban Pleasures 13. Country Pursuits  14. Revenge is a Dish Best Eaten 15. Banking, the Old American Art * = Missions that can be missed entirely (time-sensitive), so players should follow this guideline closely.  Pages 28 to 131 

Chapter 5: Guarma 1. Welcome to the New World 2. Savagery Unleashed 3. A Kind and Benevolent Despot 4. Hell Hath no Fury 5. Paradise Mercifully Departed 6. Dear Uncle Tacitus  7. Fleeting Joy 8. A Fork in the Road 9. That’s Murfree Country  Chapter 6: Beaver Hollow 1. Icarus and Friends  2. Visiting Hours 3. Just a Social Call 4. Do Not Seek Absolution I * 5. Do Not Seek Absolution II * 6. The Course of True Love IV * 7. The Course of True Love V * 8. Money Lending and Other Sins VI * 9. Money Lending and Other Sins VII * 10. The Delights of Van Horn 11. The Bridge to Nowhere 12. A Rage Unleashed 13. Archeology for Beginners * 14. Honor, Amongst Thieves * 15. The Fine Art of Conversation  16. Goodbye, Dear Friend 17. Mrs. Sadie Adler, Widow I * 18. Mrs. Sadie Adler, Widow II * 19. Favored Sons 20. The King’s Son 21. My Last Boy 22. Our Best Selves  23. Red Dead Redemption  Epilogue 1: Pronghorn Ranch 1. The Wheel 2. Simple Pleasures 3. Farming, For Beginners  4. Fatherhood, For Beginners  5. Old Habits 6. Jim Milton Rides, Again? 7. Fatherhood, For Idiots 8. Motherhood 9. Gainful Employment  10. The Landowning Classes 11. Home of the Gentry  Epilogue 2: Beecher’s Hope 1. Bare Knuckle Friendships 2. Home Improvements for Beginners  3. An Honest Day’s Labors 4. The Tool Box 5. A New Jerusalem  6. A Quick Favor to An Old Friend  7. Uncle’s Bad Day 8. Trying Again 9. A Really Big Bastard 10. A New Future Imagined 11. American Venom         

STRANGER SIDE QUESTS Chapter 2: 1. A Better World, A New Friend (2 Parts) – Complete hunting requests. § I: 1 perfect rabbit carcass, 1 perfect squirrel carcass § II: 1 perfect cardinal carcass, 1 perfect rat carcass, 1 perfect woodpecker carcass § III: 1 perfect chipmunk carcass, 1 perfect opossum carcass, 1 perfect oriole carcass, 1 perfect robin carcass § IV: 1 perfect songbird carcass, 1 perfect sparrow carcass, 1 perfect toad carcass, 1 perfect skunk carcass, 1 perfect bullfrog carcass § V: 1 perfect cedar waxwing carcass, 1perfect bat carcass, 1 perfect blue jay carcass, 1 perfect crow carcass, 1 perfect beaver carcass 2. The Noblest of Men, and a Woman (4 Parts) – Hunt down famous gunslingers. § Emmett Granger § Billy Midnight § Flaco Hernandez § Black Belle 3. All That Glitters – Buy a map from a treasure hunter.  4. American Dreams – Find clues left by a serial killer.  5. The Smell of the Greasepaint (2 Parts) – Help a travelling sideshow. 6. Arcadia for Amateurs (5 Parts) – Help a wildlife photographer. 7. Fundraiser – Donate money for a Memorial Hall. 8. A Fine Night for It – Help a man to get rid of the Night Folk.  9. Geology for Beginners (2 Parts) – Help a time-traveller to find rock carvings. 10. A Test of Faith (2 Parts) – Find dinosaur bones.  11. Smoking and Other Hobbies – Collect cigarette cards.  12. To the Ends of the Earth – Give some plants to a collector Chapter 3: 1. He’s British, Of Course (5 Parts) – Help a circus performer to find his animals. 2. A Fisher of Fish (2 Parts) – Mail some legendary fish to a man.  3. The Iniquities of History (2 Parts) – Help a man renew with his past. 4. No Good Deed – Help a doctor get his caravan back. * = Quests with medals, which also act as missions. They can therefore be replayed.   These quests must be completed in the Chapter in which they appear. 
Pages 192-193 Pages 186 to 191 
Page 212 
Pages 208-209   Pages 199 to 205 Pages 210-211 
Page 164 

Chapter 4: 1. Oh, Brother (3 parts) – Help two brothers in their battle for love. 2. A Bright Bouncing Boy (3 Parts) – Become a professor’s assistant. 3. The Mercies of Knowledge (7 Parts) – Help patent the electric chair. 4. The Artist’s Way (4 Parts) – Make friends with a troublesome French artist. 5. The Ties that Bind Us (3 Parts) – Help a pair of escaped convicts.  6. Help a Brother out – Investigate a shop for a monk in Saint-Denis. * 7. Brothers and Sisters, One and All – Retrieve a stolen crucifix. * 8. Duchesses and Other Animals (6 Parts) – Find fine goods for a hatter.  § I: 5 little egret plumes, 5 reddish egret plumes, 5 snowy egret plumes, 15 lady of the night orchids § II: 20 heron plumes, 7 lady slipper orchids, 10 moccasin orchids  § III: 25 gator eggs, 3 acuna’s star orchids, 7 cigar orchids, 5 ghost orchids § IV: 30 spoonbills plumes, 10 rat tail orchids, 5 spider orchids, 5 night-scented orchids § V: 5 clam-shell orchids, 5 queen’s orchids, 10 sparrow egg orchids, 5 dragon’s mouth orchids 9. Idealism and Pragmatism for Beginners (3 Parts) – Become the mayor’s goon. Chapter 6: 1. The Wisdom of Elders (5 Parts) – Help a cursed village. 2. The Veteran (4 Parts) – Hunt and fish with a veteran. 3. Of Men and Angels (2 Parts) – Talk with Sister Calderon. * 4. The Widow of Willard’s Rest (3 Parts) – Help a widow survive in the woods. Epilogue: 1. The American Inferno, Burnt Out (5 Parts) – Help Evelyn Miller write his book.   Page 76 Page 76 
Page 100 Pages 206-207 
Page 181 

Companion Activities  Chapter 2: 1. Go hunting with Charles Smith  2. Rob a Homestead with Javier Escuella (Chez Porter) 3. Play Five Finger Filet with Lenny Summers  Chapter 3: 1. Home robbery with Sean McGuire (Lonnie’s Shack) 2. Go fishing with Javier Escuella 3. Go fishing with Kieran Duffy 4. Rob a stagecoach with Bill Williamson * 5. Rob a stagecoach with Sean McGuire * 6. Play Five Finger Filet with Micah Bell 7. Play dominoes with Tilly Jackson  Chapter 4: 1. Go hunting with Simon Pearson 2. Rob a stagecoach with Lenny Summers 3. Rob a stagecoach with Micah Bell 4. Go rustling with Uncle    * = Activities that are easier to miss  Pages 146, 182 and 183 

 Item Requests Chapter 2 only: - 5$ for Abigail (8am to 8pm) - You will only receive honor points * - Thimble for Jack (8am to 8pm) – He’ll give you a drawing - Comic book for Jack (8am to 8pm, complete ‘A Fisher of Men’) – He’ll give you a chocolate bar - Oleander for Javier (8am to 8pm) – He’ll give you poisoned throwing knives - Fountain pen for Mary-Beth (8am to 8pm, if you see her write in a book) – She’ll give you a ring - Naval compass for Pearson (8am to 2pm, while playing poker) – He’ll give you a bottle of rum - Kentucky bourbon for Sean (12pm to 6pm) – He’ll give you a fire bottle * - Necklace for Tilly (8am to 8pm, while playing dominoes) – She’ll give you medicine Chapter 3 only: - 2x American ginseng for Hosea (8am to 8pm) – He’ll give you potent medicine - 2x Burdock roots for Kieran (12pm to 6pm) – He’ll give you horse medicine - Pocket mirror for Molly (8am to 8pm) – She’ll give you a cigar - Harmonica for Sadie (8am to 8pm, complete ‘Further Questions of Female Suffrage’) – She’ll give you gun oil Chapters 2, 3, 4: - Hair pomade for Bill (8am to 8pm) – He’ll give you repeater ammo - Moonshine for Charles (8am to 8pm) - He’ll give you fire arrows * - Oleander for Charles (8am to 8pm) - He’ll give you poison arrows * - Pipe for Dutch (8am to 8pm) - He’ll give you spurs * - Book for Hosea (8am to 8pm, only if he sees you reading) – He’ll give you predator bait - Pocket watch for Lenny (8pm to 3am) - He’ll give you dynamite * - Rabbit for Pearson (8am to 12pm) - He’ll give you some nutritious stew * - 2x Oregano for Susan (8am to 8pm) – She’ll give you a potent miracle tonic Epilogue: - Eagle feather for Charles (8am to 8pm) - He’ll give you a horse reviver * - Medicinal cream for Uncle (8am to 8pm) – He’ll give you clothes  * = As indicated, item requests will only occur during certain times of the day or after having completed specific missions. However, nothing guarantees you’ll find all of them, and there is no universal way to trigger the characters to talk to you. Those marked by an asterisk are requests that I personally missed during my playthrough and that are generally rarer to achieve.  Page 145 

Points of Interest  Lemoyne: - Abandoned Church  - Bolger Glade - Braithwaite’s Secret - Gray’s Secret - Phonograph - Pleasance - Tiny Church - Withered Arm New Hanover: - Abandoned Trading Post - Brush Fire - Fossilised Man - Manmade Mutant - Meteor House - Meteorite - Oil Derrick - Old Tomb - Old World Scripts - Register Rock - Serpent Mound - Strange Statues (Cave Paintings) - Trading Post - Trail Trees I - Trail Trees II - Trail Trees III - Trail Trees IV - Warped Tree  New Austin: - Crashed Airship - Donkey Lady - Jesuit Missionary  - Sperm Whale Bones Ambarino: - Barrel Rider - Defaced Grave - Face in Cliff - Frozen Settler - Mammoth - Meditating Monk - Mysterious Hill Home - Strange Statues West Elizabeth: - Circus Wagons - Faces in Trees - Flying Machine  - Giant Remains - Hermit Woman - Hidden Tunnel  - Native Burial - Obelisk - Pagan Ritual - Whale Bones - Wickiup   Pages 338 to 339 

 Bounty Hunting Valentine: 1. Benedict Allbright   2. Ellie Anne Swan Rhodes: 1. Mark Johnston 2. Robbie Laidlaw 3. Camille de Millemont Strawberry: 1. Joshua Brown 2. Bart Cavanaugh (Only as John Marston) Saint-Denis: 1. Lindsay Wofford 2. Anthony Foreman (Only as John Marston if you let him live as Arthur) Blackwater (only as John Marston): 1. Elias Green 2. Otis Skinner 3. Herman Zizendorf Tumbleweed (only as John Marston): 1. Esteban Cortez 2. Joaquin Arroyo      Mission-Specific Bounties 1. Wilson J. McDaniels (The Mercies of Knowledge) 2. Nathan Kirk (Gainful Employment) 3. Ramon Cortez (A Quick Favor for an Old Friend) 4. Shane Finley (An Honest Day’s Labors) 5. Marshall Thurwell (A Really Big Bastard) Pages 184-185 

 Graves  Jenny Kirk: Above Spider Gorge  Davey Callander: In Colter  Sean McGuire: Northwest of Rhodes  Kieran Duffy: Between Shady Belle   Hosea Matthews: East of Lagras  Lenny Summers: East of Lagras  Eagle Flies: Near Donner Falls  Susan Grimshaw: Southwest of Strawberry  Arthur Morgan: East of Bacchus Bridge, near the Mysterious Hill Home   Page 346 

Treasures & Maps  High Stakes Treasure (3 maps) - First map can be obtained during a random encounter, between Diablo Ridge and Riggs Station. Poisonous Trail Treasure (3 maps) - First map can be obtained after killing Flaco Hernandez, up in the Grizzlies. Jack Hall Gang Treasure (3 maps) - First map can be obtained during the Stranger side quest ‘All That Glitters’. Landmark of Riches Treasure (4 maps) - First map can be obtained on the obelisk, north-west of Strawberry. The Mended Map Treasure (2 parts of 1 map) - Both parts are found with the hermit man/woman. Sketched Map Treasure (2 maps) - First map can be found in Reed’s Cottage, north of Annesburg. The Elemental Trail Treasure (3 maps) - First map can be obtained from a corpse, near the Sea of Coronado. Only available at the end of the Epilogues.        Where else to find Gold Bars 1. The train wreck in Cotorra Springs  2. In the burnt remains of Braithwaite Manor 3. The Strange Statues Puzzle  4. In the Town of Limpany  Page 197 
Page 196 Pages 344-345 
Pages 346-349 

Crafting, Upgrades & Hunting Satchels:  Tonic Satchel: Upgrade medicine wagon 2 times + 1 perfect deer pelt + 1 perfect buck pelt + 1 perfect elk pelt Ingredients Satchel: Donate 5 perfect animal carcasses to Pearson + 1 perfect deer pelt + 1 perfect badger pelt +    1 perfect squirrel pelt Kit Satchel: Donate 3 valuables to camp + 1 perfect deer pelt + 1 perfect elk pelt + 1 perfect panther pelt Provisions Satchel: Upgrade provisions wagon 2 times + 1 perfect deer pelt + 1 perfect bison pelt + 1 perfect raccoon pelt Materials Satchel: Craft 3 recipes at the scout campfire + 1 perfect deer pelt + 1 perfect boar pelt + 1 perfect iguana skin Valuables Satchel: Donate 50$ to camp + 1 perfect deer pelt + 1 perfect beaver pelt + 1 perfect cougar pelt Legend of the East Satchel: Craft all other satchels + 1 perfect deer pelt + 1 perfect cougar pelt + 1 perfect wolf pelt Camp Upgrades:    Alligator Skull: 1 perfect alligator skin Big Horn Ram Skull: 1 perfect ram carcass Cougar Pelt Covered Chest: 2 perfect cougar pelts Boar Skin Table Cover: 1 perfect boar pelt Ox Hide Rug: 2 perfect ox hides Boar Skin Rug: 4 perfect boar pelts Pronghorn Leather Tabletops: 2 perfect pronghorn hides Pronghorn Skull: 1 perfect pronghorn carcass Moose Antlers: 1 pair of moose antlers Wolf Skull: 1 perfect wolf carcass Snakeskin Banjo Head: 2 perfect snake skins Campfire Seat Cover: 1 perfect beaver pelt + 1 perfect muskrat pelt + 1 fox pelt Campfire Log Seat Cover: 2 perfect wolf pelts Lean-To Cow Hide Ground Cover: 1 perfect cow hide Elk Antlers: 1 pair of elk antlers Hanging Bones: 1 pair of buck antlers Scout Fire Ground Cover: 2 perfect goat hides Page 144 & 313 
Page 144 

  Pamphlets Cover Scent: 1 Scent Glands Dynamite Arrow: 1 arrow + 1 dynamite + 1 flight feather (Lockbock under Bridge south of Wapiti Indian Reservation) * Explosive Slug: 1 slug shotgun shell + 1 animal fat (Inside a chest outside an Alchemist’s burnt down house nearby the train tracks between Gaptooth Ridge and Cholla Springs) * Express Explosive: 1 express cartridge + 1 animal fat Fire Arrow: 1 arrow + 1 animal fat + 1 flight feather Fire Bottle: 1 animal fat + 1 gin / Guarma rum / Kentucky bourbon / fine brandy Homing Tomahawk: 1 tomahawk + 1 owl feather (Lockbox in the Flattened Cabin) * Horse Ointment: 1 sage + 1 common bulrush + 1 yarrow Horse Meal: 3 blackcurrant / golden currant + 3 beets + 3 hay (Reward for completing Kieran’s item request) * Improved Arrow: 1 arrow + 1 flight feather Improved Throwing Knife: 1 throwing knife + 2 eagle feathers / hawk feathers Improved Tomahawk: 1 tomahawk + 2 eagle feathers / hawk feathers Incendiary Buckshot: 1 regular shotgun shell + 1 moonshine (found at Copperhead Landing)* Poison Arrow: 1 throwing knife + 1 oleander sage (In a lockbox outside the Mysterious Hill Home. Can also be found while hunting with Charles) * Poison Throwing Knife: 1 throwing knife + 1 oleander sage (Under the floorboard of a shack to the north of Saint Denis) * Potent Herbivore Bait: 1 vanilla flower + 1 violet snowdrop + 1 chanterelle / bay bolete / ram’s head / parasol mushroom  Potent Bitters: 1 sage + 1 burdock root Potent Health Cure: 1 ginseng + 1 yarrow Potent Horse Medicine: 1 ginseng + 1 common bulrush Potent Horse Stimulant: 1 sage + 1 common bulrush Potent Miracle Tonic: 4 Indian Tobacco + 4 Ginseng + 4 Sage Potent Predator Bait: 1 Gritty fish meat + 1 berry Potent Snake Oil: 1 Indian tobacco Predator Bait: 1 stringy meat + 1 berry * = Pamphlets that you can find in specific locations throughout the map or buy at the fence. Others are acquired automatically.    Page 321-322 

Small Game Arrow: 1 Arrow +1 flight feather + 1 regular shotgun shell  Special Bitters: 2 sage + 2 burdock root + 2 violet snowdrop / wild feverfew (Inside a lockbox near all the destroyed crates scattered on the ground just south of Owanjila Dam) * Special Health Cure: 2 ginseng + 2 yarrow + 2 English mace / Milkweed (Inside a chest at the scaffolding of the Face in Cliff, or during the stranger mission “No Good Deed”.) * Special Horse Medicine: 2 ginseng + 2 common bulrush + 2 wild carrot (In a chest south east of Fort Brennand underneath some stairs) * Special Horse Reviver: 2 ginseng + 2 wild carrot + parasol mushroom (In a tree stump southwest of Hill Haven Ranch)  Special Horse Stimulant: 2 hummingbird sage + 2 common bulrush + 2 wild carrot (Chest under the desk in the sheriff building of Limpany) * Special Miracle Tonic: 6 currant + 6 yarrow + 6 burdock root (Chest near a bloodstained tent on a plateau southeast of Vetter’s Echo) * Special Snake Oil: 2 Indian Tobacco + 2 currant / prairie poppy (Under the floor boards of a shack east and slightly south along the railroad tracks of Eris Field) * Split Point Cartridge: Knife + any cartridge but shotgun Volatile Dynamite: 1 dynamite + 1 animal fat + 1 high velocity cartridge (In a lock box underneath a broken wagon at Hani’s Bethel) * Volatile Fire Bottle: 1 animal fat +1 moonshine (Lock box in the Bush Fire) *     

 Trapper Outfits: Legendary Bear Head Hat: Legendary Bear Pelt Legendary Bear Coat: Legendary Bear Pelt + 1 perfect bison pelt Legendary Bear Roper: Legendary Bear Pelt + 1 perfect bull hide Boar Riding Gloves: 1 perfect boar pelt + 2 perfect rabbit pelts  Raccoon Mountain Hat: 1 perfect raccoon pelt + 1 perfect beaver pelt + 2 hawk feathers  Legendary Buck Vest: Legendary Buck Pelt + 1 perfect ram hide Legendary Fox Moccasins: Legendary Fox Pelt + 1 perfect elk pelt Legendary Buck & Fox Range Gloves: Legendary Buck Pelt + Legendary Fox Pelt   Legendary Beaver Flop Hat: Legendary Beaver Pelt + Legendary Boar Pelt + 1 cardinal feather Legendary Bison Vest: Legendary Tatanka Bison Pelt Legendary Bison Batwing Chaps: Legendary Tatanka Bison Pelt Legendary Boar & Bison Fowlers:  Legendary Boar Pelt + Legendary Tatanka Bison Pelt Legendary Beaver Cavalry Gloves: Legendary Beaver Pelt  Legendary Cougar & Wolf Vest: Legendary Cougar Pelt + Legendary Wolf Pelt Legendary Cougar Riding Gloves: Legendary Cougar Pelt + 1 perfect boar pelt Legendary Cougar Flop Hat: Legendary Cougar Pelt + 2 turkey feathers Legendary Wolf Batwing Chaps: Legendary Wolf Pelt + 1 perfect goat hide Bull Fowler Boots: 1 perfect boar pelt + 1 perfect bull hide  Legendary Coyote Mountain Hat: Legendary Coyote Pelt + 2 eagle feathers Legendary Pronghorn Coat: Legendary Pronghorn Hide + 1 perfect moose pelt Legendary Coyote Half Chaps: Legendary Coyote Pelt + 2 perfect fox pelts Workman’s Pride Boots: 1 perfect cow hide + 1 perfect goat hide Legendary Pronghorn Range Gloves: Legendary Pronghorn Hide + 1 perfect muskrat pelt   The Bear Hunter Outfit The Trophy Buck 
The Dreamcatcher 
The Beast of Prey 
The Huntsman  Pages 328-329 

 Legendary Alligator Gambler’s Hat: Legendary Alligator Skin + 2 perfect snake skins Legendary Panther Cloak: Legendary Panther Pelt  Legendary Alligator Vest: Legendary Alligator Skin Legendary Alligator Fowlers: Legendary Alligator Skin Legendary Panther Range Gloves: Legendary Panther Pelt + 1 perfect Gila Monster Skin  Legendary Ram Hat: Legendary Ram Hide Legendary Moose Hunting Jacket: Legendary Moose Pelt + 1 perfect wolf pelt Legendary Ram Batwing Chaps: Legendary Ram Hide Legendary Moose Moccassins: Legendary Moose Pelt + 1 perfect cow hide Legendary Ram Rifleman Gloves: Legendary Ram Hide + 1 perfect boar pelt  Legendary White Bison Hat: Legendary White Bison Pelt Legendary White Bison Coat: Legendary White Bison Pelt Legendary Elk Half Chaps: Legendary Elk Pelt + 1 perfect sheep hide Legendary Elk Moccasins: Legendary Elk Pelt + 1 perfect goat hide Legendary Elk Range Gloves: Legendary Elk Pelt  Ram Sombrero: 1 perfect ram hide Outdoorsmen Vest: 1 perfect pronghorn hide Javelina Half Chaps: 1 perfect collared peccary pig pelt + 1 perfect snake skin Iguana Range Gloves: 1 perfect collared peccary pig pelt + 2 perfect iguana skins  Goat Flop Hat: 1 perfect pronghorn hide + 1 perfect goat hide Trapper’s Cloak: 1 perfect sheep hide No Man’s Vest: 1 perfect panther pelt + 1 perfect goat hide Two Toned Moccasins: 1 perfect buck pelt Moose Range Gloves: 1 perfect moose pelt   The Death Roll 
The Stalker 
The Ghost Bison 
The Rattler 
The Wrangler 

 Elk Flop Hat: 1 perfect elk pelt Coyote Scout Jacket: 1 perfect ox hide + 1 perfect coyote pelt Huntsman Vest: 1 perfect sheep hide + 1 perfect deer pelt Boar Fringed Shotgun Chaps: 2 perfect boar pelts Pigskin Rifleman Gloves: 1 perfect pig hide  Muskrat Cavalry Hat: 4 perfect rabbit pelts + 1 perfect Muskrat pelt Principal Vest: 1 perfect cow hide + 1 perfect deer pelt Bull Fringed Shotgun Chaps: 1 perfect bull hide Snake Skin Cavalry Gloves: 1 perfect boar pelt + 1 perfect snake skin  Plantation Slouch Hat: 1 perfect bison pelt Beaver Hunting Jacket: 1 perfect cow hide + 2 perfect beaver pelts Sheepskin vest: 2 perfect sheep hides Pronghorn half chaps: 1 perfect pronghorn hide Buck Riding Gloves: 1 perfect buck pelt  Beaver Drifter Hat: 2 perfect beaver pelts Wolf Coat: 1 perfect ram hide + 1 perfect wolf pelt Billy Vest: 2 perfect armadillo skins + 1 perfect goat hide Boar & Bull Fowler Boots: 1 perfect ox hide + 1 perfect boar pelt Winter Cavalry Gloves: 1 perfect rabbit pelt + 2 perfect muskrat pelts  Coyote Gambler’s Hat: 2 perfect coyote pelts Cougar Cutaway Coat: 2 perfect cougar pelts + 1 perfect black bear pelt Wilderness Vest: 1 perfect wolf pelt + 1 perfect panther pelt Moose Half Chaps: 1 perfect moose pelt Badger Rifleman Gloves: 1 perfect badger pelt    The Bronco Buster 
The Marauder 
The Bounty Hunter 
The Desperado  
The Night Wrangler 

Grenadier Hat: 1 perfect muskrat pelt + 1 perfect beaver pelt Ram Shotgun Coat: 2 perfect ram hides Country Vest: 1 perfect buck pelt + 1 perfect beaver pelt Elk Riding Gloves: 1 perfect elk pelt  Trapper Hats & Accessories:  Badger Mountain Hat: 1 perfect badger pelt Beaver Mountain Hat: 1 perfect beaver pelt Fox Mountain Hat: 1 perfect fox pelt Skunk Mountain Hat: 1 perfect skunk pelt Bear Grenadier Hat: 1 perfect black bear pelt Squirrel Flat Cap: 6 perfect squirrel pelts Rat Flat Cap: 10 perfect rat pelts  Snake Bulldogger Cap: 1 perfect sheep hide + 1 perfect snake skin  Iguana Big Valley Hat: 1 perfect cow hide + 1 perfect iguana skin Gila Monster Gambler’s Hat: 1 perfect elk pelt + 1 perfect Gila monster skin Pronghorn Flop Hat: 1 perfect pronghorn hide + 4 perfect opossum pelts Deer Cavalry Hat: 1 perfect deer pelt + 10 raven feathers Bison Gambler’s Hat: 1 perfect bison pelt + 4 robin feathers + 4 oriole feathers Rat Infantry Hardee Hat: 1 perfect goat hide + 6 perfect rat pelts Stalker Accessory: 2 loon feathers + 1 condor feather + 3 raven feathers Scavenger Accessory: 1 vulture feather + 1 seagull feather Native Accessory: 1 pheasant feather + 4 sparrow feathers + 3 robin feathers Pilgrim Accessory: 1 turkey feather + 2 cedar waxwing feathers + 3 blue jay feathers Huntsman Accessory: 1 perfect boar pelt + 1 hawk feather + 2 quail feathers  Pioneer Accessory: 3 turkey feathers + 3 duck feathers + 3 chicken feathers Rococo Accessory: 2 crow feathers + 2 cardinal feathers  Glorious Accessory: 1 oriole feather + 4 woodpecker feather Pursuer Accessory: 2 eagle feathers + 2 pigeon feathers Majestic Accessory: 4 rooster feathers + 2 woodpecker feathers + 2 songbird feathers Homestead Accessory: 1 chicken feather + 2 goose feathers  Judicious Accessory: 1 pheasant feather + 1 owl feather The Mountain Man 

 Trapper Vests:  Rugged Wrangler Vest: 1 perfect pig hide Hinterland Vest: 1 perfect ram hide Rustic Vest: 1 perfect cougar pelt  Trapper Chaps:  Bear Batwing Chaps: 1 perfect bear pelt Ox Fringed Shotgun Chaps: 1 perfect ox hide Elk Fringed Shotgun Chaps: 1 perfect elk pelt Moose Batwing Chaps: 1 perfect moose pelt Batwing Chaps: 1 perfect deer pelt Bear fringed shotgun chaps: 1 perfect black bear pelt Sheep Batwing Chaps: 2 perfect sheep hides Muskrat Half chaps: 2 perfect muskrat pelts Deer Pelt Half Chaps: 1 perfect deer pelt  Trapper Boots:  Javelina Moccasins: 2 perfect peccary pig pelts Skunk Trapper Boots: 2 perfect skunk pelts Moccasins: 1 perfect buck pelt  Trapper Saddles:  Rattlesnake Vaquero Saddle: 10 perfect snake skins Cougar McClelland Saddle: 1 perfect cougar pelt Boar Mother Hubbard Saddle: 1 perfect boar pelt Alligator Ranch Cutter Saddle: 1 perfect alligator skin Bear Dakota Saddle: 1 perfect bear pelt Beaver Roping Saddle: 1 perfect beaver pelt  Panther Trail Saddle: 1 perfect panther pelt 

Fence Crafting requirements: Alligator Tooth Talisman: Legendary Alligator Tooth + Gold jointed bracelet + Vintage Civil War handcuffs (Permanently decreases the speed that the Dead Eye core drains by 10%.) Bear Claw Talisman: Legendary Bear Claw + Silver chain bracelet + Quartz Chunk (Lowers the drain speed of your health core by 10%) Boar Tusk Talisman: Legendary Boar Tusk + Gold Earring + Cobalt petrified wood (Permanently decreases speed that the horse health and stamina cores drain by 10%) Bison Horn Talisman: Legendary Bison Horn + Silver earring + Abalone shell fragment (Permanently decreases speed that the stamina core drains by 10%) Raven Claw Talisman: Old brass compass (Permanently slows degradation for all weapons by 20%) Beaver Tooth Trinket: Legendary Beaver Tooth (Permanently slows degradation for all weapons by 10%) Tatanka Bison Horn Trinket: Legendary Tatanka Bison Horn (Permanently decreases the amount of melee damage received by 10%) Buck Antler Trinket: Legendary Buck Antler (Player receives higher quality skinned animal parts) Cougar Fang Trinket: Legendary Cougar Fang (Permanently increases stamina experience bonus by 10%) Coyote Fang Trinket: Legendary Coyote Fang (Permanently increases Dead Eye experience bonus by 10%) Elk Antler Trinket: Legendary Elk Antler (Permanently increases value of looted money by 10%) Fox Claw Trinket: Legendary Fox Trinket (Permanently increases the time that Eagle Eye can stay active by 5 seconds) Lion’s Paw Trinket: Lion’s paw (Permanently increases stamina experience bonus by 10%) Moose Antler Trinket: Legendary Moose Antler (Permanently increases health experience bonus by 10%) Panther’s Eye Trinket: Legendary Panther Eye (Permanently decreases the speed the Dead Eye bar drains by 10% for 3 seconds) Pronghorn Horn Trinket: Legendary Pronghorn Horn (stops animals on horseback from spoiling) Ram Horn Trinket: Legendary Ram Horn (Picking thyme, oregano and mint yields 2x more herbs) Wolf Heart Trinket: Legendary Wolf Heart (Player can consume 2x more alcohol before feeling negative effects)   Page 313 

Other Things to Find & Complete Ledger & Camp:  - Buy every upgrade available from the ledger and keep refurnishing the supplies. - Do chores around camp (split wood, move hay bales, etc.) Backroom Businesses: 1. Valentine’s Doctor Office 2. Rhodes’ Gunsmith 3. Saint-Denis’ Gunsmith 4. Strawberry’s General Store Stagecoach robbery tips:  1. North Scarlett Meadows (must speak with Alden in Rhodes)  2. South Scarlett Meadows (must speak with Alden in Rhodes) 3. Coach Convoy (must speak with Alden in Rhodes) 4. Fort Riggs (must speak with Hector in Strawberry) 5. Appleseed Timber (must speak with Hector in Strawberry) 6. Owanjila (must speak with Hector in Strawberry) Homestead Robberies:  1. Aberdeen Pig Farm 2. Catfish Jacksons  3. Chez Porter 4. Lonnie’s Shack 5. Van Horn Mansion 6. Watson’s Cabin Dreamcatchers:  Find 20 dreamcatchers across the map. They will lead you to a “secret” weapon.  Lockboxes & chests There are 74 lockboxes and chests scattered across the map, each containing some sort of valuable item. Special Tonics:  Special tonics are unique consumables that will give you large boosts of XP. There are 68 of them scattered across the map.  These robberies are time-sensitive and can therefore be missed. Once you’ve read the note, you have to get there at the right moment, or the stagecoach will go away. Page 179 
Page 180 Page 181 Pages 143-144 
Page 213 Pages 216-217 Their contents tend to respawn after a while.   Pages 214-215 

 Special characters: - Agnes Dowd - Anders Helgerson  - Armadillo Town Crier - Blind Man Cassidy - Cave Hermit - Chelonian Master - Captain Russell  - Constipated Man - Dorothea - Dr Macintosh  - Eugenics Proponent  - Gavin’s Friend - Giant - Hermit - Homeless Vet Mickey - Joe Butler - Jon - Lillian Powell - Mad Preacher - Nicholas Timmins  - Poor Joe - Reverend - Robot - Sonny - Soothsayer - Sun Worshipper  - Thomas Downes - Timothy Donahue  - Tumbleweed Sheriff  Special valuables & unique collectibles: - Ammolite  - Ancient necklace - Broken Pistol - Catherine’s brooch - Deputy Star - Diamond brooch - Emerald - Female fertility statue - Male fertility statue - Fluorite - Gold earring - Gold shield - Gold wedding ring - Mary’s ring - Native American ring - Pen from Jimmy Brooks - Rock statue - Silver locket - Silver tooth - Skull statue - Squirrel statue  - White Cougar pelt - Wedding ring - Ancient arrowhead - Antique pocket watch - Antique watch - Mary’s brooch - Penelope’s bracelet - Reutlinger pocket watch - Necklace  - Meteorite - Ottis Miller’s treasure  - Petrified cobalt wood - Old brass compass - Abalone shell fragment  - Vintage civil war handcuffs     Pages 228 to 235 

 Other things needed to reach 100% not mentioned in this document:  - Reach maximum health, stamina, and dead eye - Reach maximum horse bonding - Take a bath - Have 25 chance encounters - Survive a gang ambush - See a show and a live performance - Get bushwhacked  - Find and explore shacks  - Play each table games at least once   - Rob a train   Event Areas: Event areas are specific locations that will change as the story unfurls. There you can have special interactions that will help the places progress in time. Each location has 4 or 5 different stages, so be sure to visit them often before reaching the Epilogues.  - Appleseed Timber Co. - Castor’s Ridge - Central Union Railroad Camp  Mysteries and Miscellaneous: Red Dead Redemption II is one hell of an adventure, with its share of easter eggs and mysteries. I will not make a checklist for those (I don’t even think there is one that exists, to be honest), as I believe finding them on your own makes the game even more realistic and exciting. There are already several YouTube channels and Subreddits dedicated to finding them.             Page 334 
   Pages 342-343 
   Pages 350-351 
Pages 223 to 227 
Pages 220 to 222 
Pages 18, 140-141 
Pages 17, 166 to 168 
Page 182 

 Clothes:  If you want to keep in style, general stores will offer you clothes in a wide range of styles and colors. You will also find special outfits and accessories sold in Valentine, Strawberry, Tumbleweed, Rhodes and Wallace Station. Note that the general stores in Saint-Denis and Blackwater do not sell clothes because there are tailors in both these cities. Make sure to stop there, as they also offer special outfits and garments.  Among the clothes that you can own, hats will be the most common. You will come across several types of headgears in the game that can be looted, stolen and found. Some of them are unique collectibles. Owned Hats: - Trilby Hat - Panama Hat - Stalker Hat - Stovepipe Top Hat - Lazy Stovepipe Top Hat - Military Scout Hat - Plantation Hat - Big Valley Hat - Worn Flat Cap - Flat Cap - Western Hat - Bowler Hat - Worn Cavalry Hat - Bulldogger Hat - Paragon Town Hat - High Crown Bowler Hat - High Crown Bowler Hat - Big City Hat - Cavalier Hat - Rolled Derby Hat - Estate Doss Hat - Derby Hat - Crusher Hat - Worn Gambler’s Hat - Beaver Big Valley Hat - Good Big Valley Hat - John’s Classic Hat - John’s Gambler Hat - Arthur’s Gambler Hat - Drifter Hat - Exotic Hat  Stolen Hats: - Classic Raccoon Mountain Hat - Worn Flop Hat - Hamburg Hat - Panama Fedora Hat - Cattleman Hat - Plantation Gambler’s hat - Workman’s Flatcap - Strawboater Hat - High Hat - Liberty Hat - Farmer’s Hat - Bucket Hat - Crown Bucket Hat - Military Cavalry Hat - The Mountaineer Hat  - Rodeo Hat - Conductor’s Hat - Military Officer’s Hat - Military Mountie Hat - Cutter Hat - Western Hamburg hat - Wide Slouch Hat - Gambler’s Hat - Military Forage Cap - Jipijapa Panama Hat - Newsboy Cap - Slouch Bucket Hat - Sun Hat - Boater Hat - Moonshine Hat - Worn Stovepipe Top Hat - Gaucho Hat - Derby High Hat - Flop Hat - Bag Hat - Bolero Hat - Straw Hat - Roanoke Hat - Pinned Flop Hat - Fisherman’s Hat Found Hats: - Tricorn Hat - Chinese Skull Cap - Civil War Hardee Hat - Morion Helmet  - Scarecrow Derby Hat - Scarecrow Sombrero - Scarecrow Top Hat - Scarecrow Hat - Viking Helmet - Nevada Hat - Miner’s Hat Owned Masks: - Executioner Hood - Canvas Sack Hood - Cloth Mask - Metal Skull Mask - Psycho Mask Found Masks: - Pagan Skull Mask - Pig Mask - Cat Skull Mask - Ram Skull mask  Pages 325 & 328 

documents: Letters - Letter to William Errington - Letter to Judge Finley - Letter to Miriam Wegner - Letter to Zhou Yi from Zhou Wei - Gray family history letter - Letter to Brother Rodolfo - Letter from miss Marjorie - Telegram from Sadie - Second letter from Mary - Letter from Caroline - Letter to Glen and Eddie from Momma - Letter to uncle Lewis from Elijah - Mining company letter to Cornwall - Oil company letter to Cornwall - Letter to Martha from Garfield - Letter from Charles Châtenay - Letter from St-Luke’s Academy - Goodbye letter from Mary - Letter from Charlotte - Letter from Theodore Levin - Letter to Angelo Bronte - Letter to Martin from father - Letter from Cornwall Kerosene & Tar - Lemoyne Raiders letter - Mysterious sermon  - Letter from Mary - Second Invitation from Mayor Lemieux - Electric chair blueprint - Letter from the Mayor’s office - Faded letter - Dear Annabella poem - A day’s walk poem - A letter from Penelope - Letter to Annette from Claude - Letter to Garfield from Martha - Lost letter to Bonnie - Letter to Edmund from Mother - Letter to the editor  - Letter from Mrs. Hobbs - Mine Share - Invitation from Mayor Lemieux - Letter to Bronte from the Mayor - Letter to Nate from Momma - Note from Robert Elliot Patchen - Letter from Abigail - Letter from Lenny’s father - Letters from Mr. Pearson (2) - Letter from Penelope - Letter from Scruffers & Co. publishers (2) - Letter from Theodore Levin - Letter from Tilly - Letter of termination - Letter to Alfred from Annabel - Letter to Alfred from Matilda - Letter to Anthony from Dad - Letter to Bubba from Jillian - Letter to Curtis From M. - Letter to Herbert from Herberta  - Letter to Jacob from father - Letter to Jim from Mildred - Letter to Mandy - Bank credit letter - Beau’s letter - Letter to Margaret from Arnold - Letter to Mavis from Larry - Letter to Micah from Amos - Letter to momma - Letter to mother from Miles - Letter to Mr. Compson from Col. Nixon - Letter to Pa II - Letter to Nigel from Tom - Letter to professor Schliffen - Letter to the doctor from Donald - Letter to the Governor - Letter to Tom from Colm - Bill’s dishonorable discharge - Molly’s poem - Unfinished letter - Penelope’s letter - List of accounts - Wedding certificate - Property deed Invitations - Invitation from Jeremy Gill - Invitation from Francis Sinclair - Invitation from Mrs. Hobbs - Invitation from Deborah MacGuiness Newspaper Scraps - Grave newspaper clipping - Norwegian newspaper scrap - Newspaper scrap - Bennett Brothers newspaper scrap - Blackwater ledger scrap - Micah’s newspaper scrap - First bank robbery newspaper scrap - New England examiner scrap - Watson’s scrapbook page Bounty Posters - Dutch’s wanted poster - Gideon Bennett Bounty Poster Business Cards - Jeremy’s business card - Phineas’s business card - Francis’s business card - Algernon’s business card  Pages 316 to 319 

Handbills - Cholera handbill - Lake Lure handbill - Swamp Lure handbill - River Lure handbill - Special Lake Lure handbill - Special Swamp Lure handbill - Special River Lure handbill - Chelonian handbill - Charity handbill - Eugenics handbill - Suffragette pamphlet Newspapers - New Hanover Gazette: #27 to #40. - The Saint-Denis Times #43 to #56 - The Blackwater Ledger #62 to #75 Drawings - Jack’s drawing - Son’s drawing - Charles Châtenay’s sketch - Child’s drawing Photographs - Erotic photographs (5) - Slim Grant photograph - Young Mary & Arthur photograph - Bride photograph - Family photograph - Wolves photograph - Billy Midnight’s photograph - Emmet Granger photograph - Black Belle photograph - Flaco Hernandez’s photograph - Family Daguerreotype   Maps - Legendary animal map - Legendary fish map - Pieced together map - Sketched map - Panoramic map - Arroyo’s map Books - True tales of Frank Heck,  no. 102 - The Case of the Shrew in the Fog - America - Wild West heroes, no. 132 - Otis miller and the Arabian Prince - Wild man’s journal - Farm, Field and Falconry - Hopes for the future - Rambles Through Woods and Plains - Otis Miller and the Boy from New-York - Zoological compendium - Get Rich Quick - The Lady of the Manor - Existence and Oblivion - The American Inferno - The Case of the Deceitful German - The Castle Above the Glen - The Castle Above the Moor - The Castle in the Field of Lavender - Otis Miller and the Black-Hearted Lady - Diary - Jail ledger - Ledger - Mary-Beth’s notebook     Treasure Maps - Jack Hall Gang treasure maps (3) - Landmarks of Riches treasure maps (4) - The Elemental Trail treasure maps (3) - Mended map - Chick’s treasure map - High stakes treasure maps (3) - The Poisonous Trail treasure maps (3) Notes - Note from the Sculptor - Meeting notes - Inventor’s note - Inventor’s plan - Liability Agreement - Missing person poster - Lists of debtors  - Civil war report - Letter to Pa  - Murfree Brood prisoner’s note - Murfree Brood ransom note - Dutch’s speech notes - English spelling practice - Note from Jim - Experiment notes (4) - Coach tip 1 to 6 - Night Folk victim’s note - Night Folk wagerer’s note - Note from Rance - Note to Jeremiah from Bill - Note to ma - Note to mother - Telegram to police chief Lambert     
       Page 320 

     COMPENDIUM   

 Legendary Animals  - Legendary Beaver - Legendary Grizzly Bear - Legendary Bighorn Ram - Legendary Boar - Legendary Buck - Legendary Cougar - Legendary Coyote - Legendary Elk  - Legendary Fox  - Legendary Gator - Legendary Giaguaro Panther - Legendary Moose: - Legendary Pronghorn  - Legendary Tantaka Bison - Legendary White Bison - Legendary Wolf Legendary Fish - Legendary Blue Gill - Legendary Bullhead Catfish - Legendary Chain Pickerel - Legendary Lake Sturgeon - Legendary Longnose Gar - Legendary Muskie - Legendary Perch - Legendary Smallmouth Bass - Legendary Sockeye Salmon - Legendary Steelhead Trout - Legendary Largemouth Bass - Legendary Redfin Pickerel - Legendary Rock Bass - Legendary Northern Pike:    Pages 164-165 Page 162 

 - American Alligator - American Alligator (small) - Nine-Banded Armadillo - American Badger - Little Brown Bat - American Black Bear - Grizzly Bear - North American Beaver - Blue Jay - Wild Boar - Whitetail Buck - Whitetail Deer - American Bison - Angus Bull - Devon Bull - Hereford Bull - American Bullfrog - Northern Cardinal - American Domestic Cat - Cedar Waxwing - Dominique Chicken - Dominique Rooster - Java Chicken - Java Rooster - Leghorn Chicken - Leghorn Rooster - Greater Prairie Chicken - Western Chipmunk - Californian Condor - Cougar - Double-Crested Cormorant - Neotropic Cormoran - Florida Cracker Cow - California Valley Coyote - Cuban Land Crab - Red Swamp Crayfish - Whooping Crane - Sandhill Crane - American Crow - American Fox Hound - Australian Shepherd - Bloodhound - Bluetick Coonhound - Border Collie - Catahoula Cur - Chesapeake Bay Retriever - Siberian Husky - Labrador Retriever - Poodle - Mutt - Rufus - Standard Donkey - Mallard Duck - Pekin Duck - Bald Eagle - Golden Eagle - Reddish Egret - Little Egret - Snowy Egret - Rocky Mountain Bull Elk - Rocky Mountain Cow Elk - American Red Fox - American Gray Fox - Silver Fox - Banded Gila Monster - Alpine Goat - Canada Goose - Ferruginous Hawk - Red-Tailed Hawk - Rough-Legged Hawk - Great Blue Heron - Tricolored Heron - Desert Iguana - Green Iguana - Collared Peccary - Common Loon - Pacific Loon - Yellow-Billed Loon - Western Bull Moose - Western Moose - Mule - American Muskrat - Baltimore Oriole - Hooded Oriole - Californian Horned Owl - Coastal Horned Owl - Great Horned Owl - Angus Ox - Devon Ox - Panther - Florida Panther - Carolina Parakeet - Blue and Yellow Macaw * - Great Green Macaw * - Scarlet Macaw * - American White Pelican - Brown Pelican - Ring-Necked Pheasant - Chinese Ring-Necked Pheasant - Berkshire Pig - Big China Pig - Old Spot Pig - Band-Tailed Pigeon - Rock Pigeon - Virginia Opossum - American Pronghorn Buck - American Pronghorn Doe - Sonoran Pronghorn Buck - Sonoran Pronghorn Doe - Baja California Pronghorn Buck - Baja California Pronghorn Doe - California Quail - Sierra Nevada Bighorn Ram - Sierra Nevada Bighorn Sheep - Desert Bighorn Ram - Desert Bighorn Sheep - Rocky Mountain Bighorn Ram - Rocky Mountain Bighorn Sheep - Black Tailed Jackrabbit - North American Raccoon - Black Rat - Brown Rat - Western Raven - Red-Footed Booby * - American Robin - Roseate Spoonbill - Herring Gull - Laughing Gull - Ring-Billed Gull - Merino Sheep - Striped Skunk - Red Boa Snake * - Rainbow Boa Snake * - Sunglow Boa Snake * - Diamondback Rattlesnake - Fer-de-Lance Snake * - Black Tailed Rattlesnake - Timber Rattlesnake - Northern Copperhead Snake - Southern Copperhead Snake - Midland Water Snake - Cottonmouth Snake - Northern Water Snake - Scarlet Tanager Songbird - Western Tanager Songbird - Eurasian Tree Sparrow - American Tree Sparrow - Golden Crowned Sparrow - American Red Squirrel - Western Gray Squirrel - Black Squirrel - Western Toad - Sonoran Desert Toad - Eastern Wild Turkey - Rio Grande Wild Turkey - Alligator Snapping Turtle - Eastern Turkey Vulture - Western Turkey Vulture - Gray Wolf - Timber Wolf - Red-Bellied Woodpecker - Pileated Woodpecker* = Animals that can only be discovered in Guarma.  Pages 149 to 161  Animals 

  Equipment  - Lasso - Binoculars - Fishing Rod - Electric Lantern - Old Lantern - Camera - Upgraded Bandolier - Upgraded Gun Belt - Upgraded Holster - Off-Hand Holster - Ingredients Satchel - Materials Satchel - Valuables Satchel - Tonics Satchel - Legend of the East Satchel - Kit Satchel - Provisions Satchel - Alligator Tooth Talisman - Boar Tusk Talisman - Bison Horn Talisman - Bear Claw Talisman - Tatanka Bison Horn Trinket - Beaver Tooth Trinket - Buck Antler Trinket - Cougar Fang Trinket - Coyote Fang Trinket - Elk Antler Trinket - Fox Claw Trinket - Moose Antler Trinket - Owl Feather Trinket - Pronghorn Horn Trinket - Ram Horn Trinket - Raven Claw Talisman - Wolf Heart Trinket - Lion’s Paw Trinket - Panther’s Eye Trinket - Turtle Shell Trinket - Hawk Talon’s Trinket - Cat Eye Trinket - Crow Beak Trinket - Shark Tooth Trinket - Bandit Bandolier - Bandit Gun Belt - Bandit Holster - Bandit Off-Hand Holster - Explorer Bandolier - Explorer Gun Belt - Explorer Holster - Explorer Off-Hand Holster - Gambler Bandolier - Gambler Gun Belt - Gambler Holster - Gambler Off-Hand Holster - Herbalist Bandolier - Herbalist Gun Belt - Herbalist Holster - Herbalist Off-Hand Holster - Horseman Bandolier - Horseman Gun Belt - Horseman Holster - Horseman Off-Hand Holster - Master Hunter Bandolier - Master Hunter Gun Belt - Master Hunter Holster - Master Hunter Off-Hand Holster - Sharpshooter Bandolier - Sharpshooter Gun Belt - Sharpshooter Holster - Sharpshooter Off-Hand Holster - Survivalist Bandolier - Survivalist Gun Belt - Survivalist Holster - Survivalist Off-Hand Holster - Weapons Expert Bandolier - Weapons Expert Gun Belt - Weapons Expert Holster - Weapons Expert Off-Hand Holster  Pages 312 to 314  

Fish 1. Bluegill  2. Chain Pickerel 3. Redfin Pickerel 4. Rock Bass 5. Smallmouth Bass 6. Bullhead Catfish 7. Perch 8. Lake Sturgeon 9. Largemouth Bass 10. Steelhead Trout 11. Channel Catfish 12. Longnose Gar 13. Muskie 14. Northern Pike 15. Sockeye Salmon   Gangs 1. Lemoyne Raiders 3 camps required – Hideout: Shady Belle   2. O’Driscoll Boys 4 camps required – Hideouts: Six Point Cabin, Hanging Dog Ranch  3. The Murfree Brood 2 camps required – Hideout: Beaver Hollow  4. The Skinner Brothers 2 camps required – No hideout   5. The Laramie Gang  No camps required – Hideout: Hanging Dog Ranch  6. Del Lobos No camps required – Hideouts: Fort Mercer, Thieves Landing, Gap Tooth Breach, Solomon’s Folly Page 163 -164 
Pages 218 - 219 

Plants   1. Alaskan Ginseng 2. American Ginseng 3. Bay Bolete 4. Blackberry 5. Blackcurrant 6. Burdock Root 7. Chanterelles 8. Common Bulrush 9. Creeping Thyme 10. Desert Sage 11. English Mace 12. Evergreen Huckleberry 13. Golden Currant 14. Hummingbird Sage 15. Indian Tobacco 16. Milkweed 17. Oleander Sage 18. Oregano 19. Parasol Mushroom 20. Prairie Poppy 21. Ram’s Head 22. Red Raspberry  23. Red Sage 24. Vanilla Flower 25. Violet Snowdrop  26. Wild Carrot  27. Wild Feverfew 28. Wild Mint 29. Wintergreen Berry 30. Yarrow 31. Acuna’s Star Orchid 32. Cigar Orchid 33. Clamshell Orchid 34. Dragon’s Mouth Orchid 35. Ghost Orchid 36. Lady of the Night Orchid 37. Lady Slipper Orchid 38. Moccasin Flower Orchid 39. Night Scented Orchid 40. Queen’s Orchid 41. Rat Tail Orchid 42. Sparrow’s Egg Orchid  43. Spider Orchid   

Horses  1. American Paint Wild: Overo, Tobiano Stables: Grey Overo (Tumbleweed – Javier’s horse “Boaz”) Stolen: Splashed White  2. American Standardbred Wild: Black, Buckskin Stables: Palomino Dapple (Valentine), Silvertail Buckskin (Tumbleweed – Sean’s Horse “Ennis”)  3. Andalusian Wild: Perlino Stables: Dark Bay (Strawberry) & Rose Grey (Van Horn)    4. Appaloosa Wild: Blanket, Leopard Blanket, Few Spotted Stables: Brown Leopard (Tumbleweed – Josiah’s horse “Gwydion”), Leopard (Van Horn),  Can’t be mounted: Grey Snowcapped Spotted (Charles’ horse “Taima”)  5. Arabian Wild: White, Warped Brindle, Red Chestnut Stables: Rose Grey Bay (Blackwater), Black (Saint-Denis) Can’t be mounted: Albino (Dutch’s horse “The Count”)  6. Ardennes Stables: Bay Roan (Scarlett Meadows), Strawberry Roan (Van Horn) Can’t be mounted: Brown Roan (Bill’s horse “Brown Jack”)    7. Belgian Draft Horse Stolen: Chestnut, Mealy Chestnut, Blond Chestnut  8. Dutch Warmblood Other: Cremello Gold (Hamish St-Clair’s horse “Buell”) Stables: Chocolate Roan (Valentine), Seal Brown (Strawberry), Sooty Buckskin (Scarlett Meadows)   Pages 134 to 141 

9. Hungarian Half-bred Wild: Flaxen Chestnut Stolen: Piebald Tobiano Stables: Dapple Dark Grey (Valentine) Can’t be mounted: Silver Dark Bay (John’s horse “Old Boy”)  10. Kentucky Saddler Wild: Grey, Chestnut Pinto, Black, Silver Bay, Buttermilk Buckskin Can’t be mounted: Sabino (Uncle’s horse “Nell II”)  11. Missouri Fox Trotter Stables: Amber Champagne (Scarlett Meadows), Silver Dapple Pinto (Blackwater) Can’t be mounted: Black (Micah’s horse “Baylock” – Can actually be mounted while Micah is in prison)  12. Morgan Wild: Palomino, Bay Roan, Bay, Flaxen Chestnut, Liver Chestnut  13. Mustang Wild: Grullo Dun, Tiger Striped Bay, Wild Bay Can’t be mounted: Light Palomino (Lenny’s horse “Maggy”), Red Dapple Roan (Sadie’s horse “Hera”)  14. Nokota Wild: Blue Roan, White Roan Stables: Reverse Dapple Roan (Saint Denis) Can’t be mounted: Smoky Black (Karen’s horse “Old Belle”), Grey Roan Sabino (Charles’ horse “Falmouth”)  15. Shire Stolen: Dark Bay, Light Grey Other: Raven Black (Only available after “Exit Pursued by a Bruised Ego”)  16. Suffolk Punch Stolen: Red Chestnut, Sorrel Can’t be mounted: Few Spotted Buckskin (Uncle’s horse Nell IV)  17. Tennessee Walker Wild: Black Rabicano, Chestnut, Dapple Bay, Red Roan, Gold Palomino Stables: Flaxen Roan (Tumbleweed – Kieran’s horse “Branwen”) Other: Mahogany Bay (Only available after “Outlaws from the West”)  

 18. Thoroughbred Wild: Blood Bay, Dapple Grey Stables: Brindle (Strawberry) Other: Seal Brown (only in story mode – John’s horse “Rachel”)  19. Turkoman Stables: Dark Bay (Blackwater), Gold (Saint-Denis), Silver (Tumbleweed – Hosea’s horse “Silver Dollar”) Can’t be mounted: Gold Dapple (Sadie’s horse “Bob”)    Note that all the horses you’ve stabled before the end of Chapter 6 will not be there when you reach the Epilogues. This makes sense since several years will have passed in between those chapters, and also because you’re switching from Arthur to John.  You will be able to purchase back most of the horses mentioned above from the stables, and to tame/steal the others again since wild horses respawn periodically in the game. However, mission-specific horses like the Raven Black Shire and the Mahogany Bay Tennessee Walker will be lost.  Only exception to this rule is Buell, the Cremello Gold Dutch Warmblood belonging to Hamish St-Clair. If you completed all of the Veteran side-quests as Arthur, Buell will be lost when you reach the Epilogue.  If you really want to keep riding Buell, I would recommend completing the last part of the quest in 1906 as John. SPOILERS 
SPOILERS 
SPOILERS 
SPOILERS 

Weapons  1. Cattleman Revolver  2. Granger’s Revolver *  3. Flaco’s Revolver * 4. John’s Cattleman Revolver * 5. Double-Action Revolver  6. Algernon’s Revolver * 7. Micah’s Revolver * 8. High Roller Revolver  9. Schofield Revolver  10. Calloway’s Revolver * 11. Otis Miller’s Revolver * 12. LeMat Revolver *** 13. Volcanic Pistol  14. Semi-Automatic Pistol  15. Mauser Pistol  16. Midnight’s Pistol * 17. M1899 Pistol *** 18. Carbine Repeater  19. Lancaster Repeater  20. Litchfield Repeater  21. Evans Repeater  22. Varmint Rifle  23. Springfield Rifle  24. Bolt Action Rifle  25. Rolling Block Rifle  26. Rare Rolling Block Rifle * 27. Carcano Rifle  28. Sawed-Off Shotgun  29. Double-Barreled Shotgun  30. Rare Shotgun * 31. Pump-Action Shotgun  32. Semi-Auto Shotgun  33. Repeating Shotgun  34. Bow * 35. Unarmed * 36. Fire Bottle ** 37. Volatile Fire Bottle ** 38. Dynamite * 39. Volatile Dynamite * 40. Throwing Knife * 41. Improved Throwing Knife ** 42. Poison Throwing Knife ** 43. Tomahawk * 44. Improved Tomahawk ** 45. Homing Tomahawk ** 46. Ancient Tomahawk * 47. Cleaver * 48. Machete * 49. Broken Pirate Sword * 50. Hunting Knife  51. John’s Knife * 52. Antler Knife * 53. Civil War Knife * 54. Jawbone Knife * 55. Wide-Blade Knife * 56. Ornate Dagger * 57. Hatchet * 58. Hewing Hatchet * 59. Viking Hatchet * 60. Hunter Hatchet * 61. Rusted Hunter Hatchet * 62. Double Bit Hatchet * 63. Rusted Double Bit Hatchet *   * = Can only be discovered through special encounters or missions within the game and cannot be customized (some of them are unique collectibles). ** = Weapons that need to be crafted (or bought at the fence) *** = Can only be acquired at Saint-Denis’s gunsmith Pages 282 to 299 

Cigarette Cards  Famous Gunslingers & Outlaws: 1. Frank Heck: Valentine Cemetery, The Heartlands, New Hanover - Search the cemetery on the West side of town and look left of the church for a card sitting at an unmarked grave just below the obelisk. 2. Otis Miller Boys: Six Point Cabin, Cumberland Forest, NH - Check the back of the sky blue wagon next to the red table on the east side of the camp. The card is next to some ammo. 3. Jack Hall Gang: Chez Porter, West Grizzlies, Ambarino - Find this card inside the small cabin near the barn, sitting on top of the windowsill. 4. Butcher Brothers: Butcher Creek, Roanoke Valley, New Hanover - Found on a barrel on the porch of the Butcher Brothers house. The house is located in the South Eastern corner of the small town. It's pretty hard to miss, simply look for the house that has animal hides displayed all over it, along with several animal carcasses at back. 5. Flaco Hernandez: Rhodes, Lemoyne - Located directly next to the Stagecoach, use the ladder at the back of the bank to reach the bank's rooftop. To find the card, head to the Northern corner ledge. 6. Slim Grant: Grizzlies East, Ambarino - Find this card on a barrel at the entrance to the Fairwale Shanty. 7. Landon Ricketts: Armadillo, Cholla Springs, New Austin - Located South of the first "A" in Armadillo, you will find the card on a barrel at the back of a house that faces towards the undertaker. 8. Black Belle: Blackwater, West Elizabeth - Located just South of the Blackwater pier, you will find this card sitting on top of a crate, next to a wrought-iron fence.  9. Billy Midnight: Tumbleweed, Tooth Ridge, New Austin - Located just North of the "BL" in Tumbleweed, you will find a windmill. The card can be found sitting on the top platform of the Windmill. 10. Emmet Granger: Fort Wallace, Cumberland Forest, NH - Only available after Chapter 6, during the missions The King's Son and Our Best Selves). Located on a table, under a lean-to, which is directly opposite of two white tents inside Fort Wallace. This card can also be obtained by searching a table inside Canebreak Manor in Bluewater Marsh. 11. Jim “Boy” Calloway: Saint Denis, Bayou Nwa, Lemoyne - Located in the Northwestern section of the graveyard, you will find this card inside of a mauseleum with stained glass windows. 12. Bart Love: Hanging Dog Ranch, Big Valley, West Elizabeth - Find this card next to the couch inside the house, sitting on a half-wall shelf.  You can also obtain cigarette cards from premium cigarette packs in the game, although they will be in random order and you’ll sometimes end up with duplicates. If you want to find them all by yourself, try to avoid picking up/buying premium cigarettes packs in your playthrough.  Pages 199 to 205 

Stars of the Stage: 1. Laurence Dunn: Southfield Flats, Scarlett Meadows, Lemoyne - Located inside the Robard Farm house, you will find the card sitting on top of the mantelpiece. 2. Louis Dunrand: Roanoke Ridge, New Hanover - Find this card on a crate that is located on the eastern side balcony of the house. 3. Jesse Raymond: Tumbleweed, Tooth Ridge, New Austin - You can find this card in the burnt out building that is just North of the Saloon in Tumbleweed. The card will be sitting on the windowsill of the southwestern corner of the building, just next to the mantelpiece. 4. Augusta Tremlow: Hanging Dog Ranch, Big Valley, West Elizabeth - Find this card on the top platform of the ranch's Windmill. 5. Mabel Potter: Saint Denis, Bayou Nwa, Lemoyne - Located at the Saint Denis Theatre, you will find the card in the West corridor of the building. The card can be found on the table that sits beside the fireplace. 6. Robin Koninsky: Saint Denis, Bayou Nwa, Lemoyne - Find this card sitting on top of a table that is located on the side of the stage in the Saint Denis Theatre. You will only be able to access this card after watching all five performances (all set over five nights). 7. Isadore Reid: Valentine, Heartlands, New Hanover - Located in the area directly South of the Stables in Valentine, you will find the card sitting in the back of one of the two adjacent wagons. 8. Irene Grubb: Hennigan's Stead, New Austin - You can find this sitting on a bench at the Train Station, just West of Macfarlane's Ranch. 9. Nettie Palmer: Valentine, The Heartlands, NH - Check out the theater show on the edge of town to the southwest and pay for a ticket to go inside. Look for the man running a projector on a raised platform by the back of the booth and look under him for the card and an extra premium cigarette pack. 10. Jim Cobb: Scarlett Meadows, Eris Field, Lemoyne - Head directly North of the first "I" in Eris Field, where you will find an abandoned house. The card will be sitting on the bench that is located on the front porch. 11. Mittie Comstock: Larned Sod, The Heartlands, NH - Walk up to the cabin on the property and take a look at the barrel to the right of the door. You'll find the card there. 12. Robert Elliot Patchen: Rhodes, Scarlett Meadows, Lemoyne - Located directly west of the Fence in Rhodes, you will find the card sitting on top of a crate, next to the yellow hut.   

Prominent Americans: 1. President Fisher: Scarlett Meadows, Lemoyne - Located at the Jansen Mils building, just South West of Southfield Flats, you will find the card sitting on top of a barrel on the loading ramp. 2. President Hardin: Lagras, Bayou Nwa, Lemoyne - Find this card on a shack's jetty, just west of the Lagras Bait shop. The card will be sitting on a railing, directly opposite two broken wagon wheels in the northeastern corner of the jetty. 3. Lillian Powell: Pleasance, Scarlett Meadows, Lemoyne - Find this card on top of a crate behind some bushes on the northeast side of the shack, that is directly North of the "L" in Pleasance. 4. Leviticus Cornwall: Fort Wallace, Cumberland Forest, NH - Only available after Chapter 6, during the missions The King's Son and Our Best Selves. Located on a windowsill, at the top of Fort Wallace's southeast tower. This card is also obtained by searching the front porch of the small house that is directly next to the "I" in Valentine. 5. JD McKnight: Rhodes, Lemoyne - To find this card, head to the southeastern most house in Rhodes. You will find the card sitting on a table that is located in the middle of the white gazebo. 6. Luther Covington: Saint Denis, Bayou Nwa, Lemoyne - Located on the Eastern most dock at Saint Denis, you will find the card sitting on top of a crate in the Eastern corner of the dock. 7. Harvey Griggs: Saint Denis, Bayou Nwa, Lemoyne - Located in the southwestern corner of Saint Denis, you will find the Freight Hall. Inside the hall, you will find the card sitting on top of the workbench, along the southern wall of the building. In order to see the card, you must have started the "Smoking and Other Hobbies" mission. 8. Henrietta Beatrice Woods: Saint Denis, Bayou Nwa, Lemoyne - Located on the front porch of house just South East of the last "A" of Bayou Nwa on the map, you will find the card sitting on top of a table. 9. General Quincy Harris: Heartland Oil Fields, The New Heartlands, New Hanover - Find this card at the bottom of the Heartland Oil Field's oil well tower. 10. General Cornelius Palmer: Hill Haven Ranch, Scarlett Meadows, Lemoyne - Located within the fenced area with the cows, you will find this card in the shed, on top of a table. 11. Senator Thaddeus Waxman: Lonnie's Shack, Lemoyne - South of Emerald Ranch over the state line into Lemoyne, you'll find the shack. Enter and you can grab this card from the shelf on the backside of the fireplace inside the gang homestead. 12. President Alfred McAlister: Crawdad Willies, Bayou Nwa, Lemoyne - You will find Crawdad Willies' shack in the southeastern corner of Bayou Nwa. Once inside the shack, you will find the card sitting on the southeast windowsill.   

Fauna of North America: 1. Black Widow Spider: Vetter's Echo, Big Valley, West Elizabeth - Found on the desk inside the cabin. 2. Bloodhound: Bolger Glade, Scarlett Meadows, Lemoyne - Located directly North of the "B" in Bolger Glade, you will find the card inside the ruins of an old building. The card will be sitting inside the fireplace. 3. Bluejay: Clingman, Roanoke Ridge, New Hanover - Find this card on top of the platform that is built on top of a tree. The Pheasant card can also be found at this location. 4. Catfish: Saint Denis, Bayou Nwa, Lemoyne - Located directly West of "Saint Denis" on the map, you will find a dock. Head straight down the pathway that leads to the dock until you spot a barrel. On top of this barrel, you will find the card. 5. Coral Snake: Lakay, Bayou Nwa, Lemoyne - Located in the southern most house in Lakay, you will find the card sitting on a table on the western wall of the house. 6. Grouper: Lagras, Bayou Nwa, Lemoyne - Located on the western side of Lagras, you will find this card sitting on a barrel, at the back of the large wooden boat. You will need to have started "Smoking and Other Hobbies" in order to see the card. 7. Large Mouth Bass: Gill Landing, The Heartlands, New Hanover - On Gill Landing is a cabin on the water. Enter and walk to the right side of the couch (the side closest to the window) to find this card. 8. Panther: Van Horn/Kamassa River, New Hanover - southwest of Van Horn Trading Post, directly east of the Van Horn Mansion, an old burned-out fort sits atop a hill above the Mossy Flats, in the wide crook of the Kamasa River. The Panther card can be found on a table in the shed against the west wall of the fort. There's another card in the southeast tower. 9. Parrot: Macomb's End, Bayou Nwa, Lemoyne - Located on the pier at Macomb's End, which is right next to the "Y" in Lemoyne, you will find the card sitting on top of a crate. 10. Pheasant: Clingman, Roanoke Ridge, New Hanover - Find this card on top of the platform that is built on top of a tree. The Bluebird card can also be found at this location. 11. Snapping Turtle: Firwood Rise, Cumberland Forest, New Hanover - In the house, search the wooden dresser at the foot of the bed to find the card. 12. Turkey: Van Horn Trading Post, Roanoke Ridge, New Hanover - Find this card on the second floor of the burned-out Sheriff's Office, where it sits on top of a mantlepiece.   

Flora of North America: 1. Golden Currant: Lakay, Bayou Nwa, Lemoyne - Find this card on a shelf within the first shack that you encounter when entering the small community. 2. Hummingbird Sage: Roanoke Ridge, New Hanover - Find this card East of Butchers Creek, where it is located on a small table at the front of a nearby shack. This is the same shack that is used as a reference in the Roanoke Ridge Van Horn Bone Location. 3. Oleander Sage: Saint Denis, Bayou Nwa, Lemoyne - Located just North of the "E" in Saint Denis, you will find this card hidden on a trellis railing that is covered in vines. 4. Yarrow: Saint Denis, Bayou Nwa, Lemoyne - Located just South of the "N" in Bayou Nwa, you will small house that is occupied by a rather "friendly" man. The card can be found inside the house, on the southern windowsill. 5. Indian Tobacco: Saint Denis, Bayou Nwa, Lemoyne - Located just South of the "N" in Bayou Nwa, you will small house that is occupied by a rather "friendly" man. The card can be found on the western side of the house, on top of a nearby crate. 6. Black Mangrove: Emerald Ranch Station, The Heartlands, New Hanover - Visit the Emerald Ranch Station and search under the bench on the northwest side of the station next to the barrel. 7. Longleaf Pine: Annesburg, Roanoke Ridge, New Hanover - Head just South of the "R" and "G" in Annesburg on the map and you will find a small wooden entrance to the Mine. Head down the ladders until you reach the second last floor, where you will find a crate. On top of this crate will be the card. 8. Desert Fan Palm: Tumbleweed, Tooth Ridge, New Austin - Located slightly northwest of the "T" in Tumbleweed, you will find the card sitting on top of a table on the front porch of a house. 9. Coastal Redwood: Strawberry, Big Valley, West Elizabeth - You will find this card located in the South East of Strawberry, on the back porch of a house. This card will only be available for those that have activated the "Smoking and Other Hobbies" mission. 10. Horse Crippler Cactus: Caliga Hall, Bayou Nwa, Lemoyne - You can find this card sitting on a workbench, at a nearby house at the Caliga Hall dock. The workbench can be found beneath the shack's lean-to. 11. Blazing Star: Vetter's Echo, Big Valley, West Elizabeth - Located at Vetter's Echo, you can find the card on the outside of the cabin, along the middle of the porch railing. 12. Carolina Lupine: Tumbleweed, Tooth Ridge, New Austin - Located West of the Butcher in Tumbleweed, you will find the card on top of the Sheriff Station's roof, just behind the rooftop sign.   

Gems of Beauty: 1. Leila Stetson: Heartlands, New Hanover - Located directly North of the "H" in New Hanover, you will come across several small buildings, that border the Cumberland Forest region. Found within the southern house, you will find the card on the windowsill next to the downstairs fireplace. 2. Isabelle Barlow: Abandoned Trading Post, Roanoke Ridge, New Hanover - Find this card on a shelf, inside the Abandoned Trading Post buidling. 3. Hattie Langtry: Meteor House, Roanoke Ridge, New Hanover - Find this card on the small end table inside the Meteor House. 4. Isabelle Standish: Annesburg, Roanoke Ridge, New Hanover - Find this card within the mine shaft at Annesburg. Use the mine shaft entrance just South of the "R" and "G" in Annesburg to avoid the armed guards. Head down the ladders until you reach the ground floor. Turn right and make your way towards the large open just left of the Mines entrance. You will find a table in the middle of this open area, in which the card will be sitting on. 5. Maud Engel: Cornwall Kerosene & Tar, The Heartlands, New Hanover - Located in the southeastern shack of the Cornwall Kerosene & Tar Train Station, you will find the card sitting on the northside table of the shack. You will also find William Sleicher card on the table as well.  6. Sadie Russell: Blackwater, West Elizabeth - Located between the Stagecoach and Barber, you will find this card on top of a barrel inside the chicken coop. 7. Geraldine Emerson: Hanging Dog Ranch, Big Valley, West Elizabeth - Find this card on the crate that is located at the back wall of the barn's second floor. 8. Agnes Guyon: Millesani Claim, Grizzlies, AM - Find this card inside the abandoned house on the east side on a large wooden crate. 9. Jennie Willetts: Van Horn Trading Post, Roanoke Ridge, New Hanover - Find this card on top of a barrel, that is located directly across from the Post Office. 10. Ilga Ulmer: Saint Denis, Bayou Nwa, Lemoyne - Located directly next to the "E" in Saint Denis, you will find this card in a small alley-way, on top of an old wooden desk. You will only be able to access this card once you have started the "Smoking and Other Hobbies" mission. 11. Fay Delaro: Valentine, Heartlands, New Hanover - Found within the southernmost barn in Valentine, you will find the card sitting on the top floor of the barn, at the base of the barn's window. 12. Pauline Henderson: Bacchus Station, Cumberland Forest, NH - Find this card on a crate at the northern end of the train station.   

World’s Champions: 1. Percy Wood: Huron Glen, Roanoke Ridge, New Hanover - Find this card on top of a nearby well, outside the shack that is just South of Butcher's Creek. 2. Edwin A. Rowe: Grizzlies West, Ambarino - Find this card on the windowsill, inside the cabin. This is also found alongside the Capt. Jack Page card on the same windowsill. 3. Theobald Getzin: Emerald Ranch, The Heartlands, New Hanover - Walk across the porch of the Saloon and you'll find the card on the mounted shelf next to the bench. 4. H.T. Solcum: Canebreak Manor, Bluewater Marsh, Lemoyne - Located underneath shack, on top of a crate. 5. Felix Hawley: Grizzlies West, Ambarino - Find this card on the table inside the cabin. 6. Patsey Hill: Saint Denis, Bayou Nwa, Lemoyne - Located on the railing of the back porch of the second shack, just East of the Saint Denis grave yard. 7. R.S. Harradon: Maclean's House, Roanoke Ridge, New Hanover - Find this card on the table that is located at the side of the house. 8. William Sleicher: Cornwall Kerosene & Tar, The Heartlands, New Hanover - Located in the southeastern shack of the Cornwall Kerosene & Tar Train Station, you will find the card sitting on the northside table of the shack. You will also find Maud Engel card on the table as well.  9. E.D. Ewing “Walker”: Old Trail Rise, Scarlet Meadows, Lemoyne - East of where Dewberry Creek intersects with the state line is a destroyed cabin in the Old Trail Rise. Go around to the West side of the cabin and climb into the ruin. Enter the hole in the floor to find a dirty hideout. On the shelves behind the ladder is the cigarette card. 10. Edwin Singerly: Annesburg, Roanoke Ridge, New Hanover - Climb to the top of the Coal Mining Facility Tower and you will find the card sitting on the floor in a corner. 11. Capt. Jack Page: Grizzlies West, Ambarino - Find this card on the windowsill, inside the cabin. This is also found alongside the Edwin A. Rowe card on the same windowsill. 12. Axel McCormack: Saint Denis, Bayou Nwa, Lemoyne - Found beneath the "D" in Saint Denis, the card will be located in a courtyard at the back of the Bastille salon. The card will be sitting on top of a crate, next to a wrought-iron fence. You will only be able to see this card once you have started the Smoking and Other Hobbies mission.   

Vistas, Scenery & Cities of America: 1. New-York: Caliga Hall, Bayou Nwa, Lemoyne - Located on the front porch of the second house in the southern end of Caliga Hall, you will find this card sitting on top of a table. 2. Saint-Denis: Saint Denis, Bayou Nwa, Lemoyne - Just outside the Post Office is a four-wheeled cart full of luggage and a trunk, and on the edge of the cart you can find the card 3. Blackwater: Blackwater, West Elizabeth - Located on the roof of the Theatre, you will find this card sitting on a chimmney. You can access the rooftop via the ladder that is located at the back of the building. 4. Armadillo: Armadillo, Cholla Springs, New Austin - You can find this card on top of a barrel, inside the pig pen that is just West of the Saloon in Armadillo. 5. Rio Bravo: Flatneck Station, The Heartlands, New Hanover - Climb to the top of the yellow windmill across the tracks from the station. You'll find the card next to an empty bottle of liquor. 6. The Grizzlies: Armadillo, Cholla Springs, New Austin - Located southeast of the "S" in New Austin, you will find a small shack. Inside this shack, you will find the card sitting on top of a table. It's important to note, that you must have started Smoking and Other Hobbies in order to collect the card. 7. San Francisco: Van Horn TP / Kamasa River, New Hanover - southwest of Van Horn trading post, directly East of the Van Horn Mansion, an old burned-out fort sits atop a hill above the Mossy Flats, in the wide crook of the Kamasa River. This card can be found on the East window sill on the top level of the southeast tower 8. Tall Trees: Flatneck Station, The Heartlands, New Hanover - Walk to the back of the station and you'll find this card on a barrel. 9. Valentine: Valentine, The Heartlands, New Hanover - Enter the Valentine Station in the southern part of Valentine and you'll find the card resting on a side table by the Valentine Rail Bulletin. 10. Chicago: Emerald Ranch, The Heartlands, New Hanover - When you're on the ranch, head to the big house, but keep walking past it till you reach the yellow windmill that's just off the path. Climb up its ladders and you'll find this cigarette card at the top. If you don't see it, walk around the side opposite of the ladder at the top. 11. Rhodes: Rhodes, Scarlett Meadows, Lemoyne - Located in the church graveyard, just North of the Rhodes town center, you will find the card sitting on the gravestone closest to the fence. 12. Annesburg: Annesburg, Roanoke Ridge, New Hanover - Find this card on top of the barrel, that is located on the minecart tracks.   

Artists, Painters, Writers & Poets: 1. Edith Corinne: Braithwaite Manor, Scarlett Meadows, Lemoyne - Found Northwest of the "B" in Braithwaite Manor, you can find this card underneath the table that is right next to the clothesline. 2. Elsie Rose: Strawberry, Big Valley, West Elizabeth - Located on the table of the top floor of the Hotel. This card is only available upon activating the Smoking and Other Hobbies mission. 3. W.G. Hoyt: Hani's Bethel, The Heartlands, New Hanover - Make your way to the pond north of heartland Overflow, but South of Moonstone Pond. You'll find a creepy cabin. If you enter through the front door, you'll find this Cigarette Card on the blue nightstand on the right side of the room. 4. Aldous Bramley: Blackwater, New Elizabeth - Located on the table that is situated between the two armchairs on the porch of the southern most building of Blackwater. 5. Preston T. Stephenson: Annesburg, Roanoke Ridge, New Hanover - Find this card on top of a desk within the office of the top floor of the Mining Facility. The area is heavily guarded, so be very careful! 6. Evelyn Miller: Blackwater, West Elizabeth - Located at the house that is directly North of the "E" in Blackwater, you will find the card sitting on a table next to the clothesline. 7. Slick Hutton: Van Horne Mansion, Roanoke Ridge, New Hanover - Find this card on a crate that is located on the back balcony of the mansion. 8. Laurence Carson: Saint Denis, Bayou Nwa, Lemoyne - Located directly beneath the last "S" in Saint Denis, you find this card sitting on a table, down a back-alley in the marketplace. 9. Miss Maud Delancy: Bayou Nwa, Lemoyne - Look on the top balcony of the houseboat on the bank of the Kamassa, on the north edge of Bluewater Marsh. 10. Charles Châtenay: Chadwick Farm, The Heartlands, New Hanover - Look for the farm on the northwest outskirts of Valentine past the town and check the front porch on the West side of the house to find a small table by a chair holding the card. 11. George Dixie: Guthrie Farm, The Heartlands, New Hanover - Enter the house on this farmland (careful, the residents don't take kindly to strangers) and enter the bedroom on the South side of the house. You'll find the cigarette card on the bed next to a guitar. 12. Richard McCullough: Saint Denis, Bayou Nwa, Lemoyne - You will find this card on a table southeast of the gazebo at the back of Hotel la Licorne, in northern Saint Denis.   

Amazing inventions: 1. Steam Locomotive: Scarlet Meadows, Lemoyne - You'll find this in the abandoned church to the East of the Bolger Glade battlefield. Climb to the top of the building and it's beside the bird's nest. 2. Camera: Saint Denis, Bayou Nwa, Lemoyne - Located on a balcony, just South of the photo studio, you will find this card sitting on top of a table. 3. Electrical Execution: Hanging Dog Ranch, Big Valley, West Elizabeth - Find this card underneath a bunk bed, on the second floor of the house. 4. Typewriter: Blackwater, West Elizabeth - Located at the building that is next to the "E" in Blackwater, you will the card sitting on a barrel that is next to the door of the Warehouse. 5. Revolver: Annesburg, Roanoke Ridge, New Hanover - Located on the back terrace of the gunsmith, you will find the card sitting on top of the table. You can only access this card, once you have activated the Smoking and Other Hobbies mission. 6. Telegraph: Van Horn Trading Post, Roanoke Ridge, New Hanover - Find this card at the abandoned train station just West of Van Horn Trading Post. The card can be found on one of the benches at the station's platform. 7. Manned Glider: Caliga Hall, Bayou Nwa, Lemoyne - Located just West of "Caliga Hall" on the map, you will find the card on top of a workbench that is located inside the large barn. 8. Dynamite Card: Shady Belle, Bayou Nwa, Lemoyne - Located on the back porch of the Shady Belle house, you will find the card sitting on the railing beside the large corner pillar. 9. Cylinder Phonograph: Valentine, New Heartlands, New Hanover - Located inside the Valentine Saloon, you will find the card sitting on a windowsill, facing towards the street. 10. Player Piano: Saint Denis, Bayou Nwa, Lemoyne - Find this card on top of the piano, inside the Bastille Saloon that is located just West of the "D" in Saint Denis. 11. Electric Lightbulb: Doverhill, Roanoke Ridge, New Hanover - Find this card on a crate at the back door of the Doverhill building. 12. Fountain Pen: Pleasance, Lemoyne - Look on the desk inside the old deralict schoolhouse, that is just west of the bridge that leads to Bluewater Marsh.   

Marvels of Travel and Locomotion: 1. Packet Ship: Annesburg, Roanoke Ridge, New Hanover - Located on the "L" shaped pier in Annesburg's town, you will find the Packet Ship card under the covered area on the right far back crate. 2. Schooner: Van Horn Trading Post, Roanoke Ridge, New Hanover - Find this card on the Southern most pier in Van Horn Trading Post, where it can be located on the fishing boat, underneath the hammock. 3. Camel Caravan: Rhodes, Lemoyne - Find this card at the back of the building, directly East of the Gunsmith. You will find the card sitting on a table, right next to the clothesline. 4. Elephant Carriage: Strawberry, Big Valley, West Elizabeth - Located at the top of the back stairs of the Trackers Hotel Building. 5. Goat Carriage: Emerald Ranch, The Heartlands, New Hanover - Visit the stable on the west side of the ranch and walk to the back left corner. You'll find this card resting a bench. Considering all the animals around, it's a fitting card for the locale. 6. Hot Air Balloon: Saint Denis, Bayou Nwa, Lemoyne - Located in the Saloon just North of the last "I" in Saint Denis, you will find the card sitting on a shelf in the back of the saloon. 7. U.S. Frigate: Braithwaite Manor, Scarlett Meadow, Lemoyne - Located at the northern dock in Braithwaite Manor, you will find the card sitting on a workbench inside the boathouse. 8. The Showboat: Saint Denis, Bayou Nwa, Lemoyne - Located on the pier directly South of the "D" in Saint Denis, you will find the card on top of a table at the eastern side of the pier. You will only be able to access this card after starting the Smoking and Other Hobbies mission 9. Balener Whaling Vessel: Saint Denis, Bayou Nwa, Lemoyne - Located on the dock that is directly South of the last "S" in Saint Denis. You will find the card sitting on the eastern windowsill of the blue booth at the end of the dock. 10. Stagecoach: Riggs Station, Big Valley, West Elizabeth - Located on the bench at the Riggs Station train platform. 11. Steam Locomotive: Scarlett Meadows, Lemoyne - You can find this card within the ruins that are slightly northwest of Southfield Flats. The ruins are also not that far from the eastern shore of Flat Iron Lake. 12. Velocipede: Saint Denis, Bayou Nwa, Lemoyne - Located directly North of the first "N" in Saint Denis on the map and just East of the final "E" in Lemoyne, you will find the card on top of a table on the Western porch of a house.   

Breeds of Horses: 1. American Paint: Rhodes, Scarlett Meadows, Lemoyne - To find this card, head to the Cotton Mill that is located in the northeastern corner of the town. The card will be sitting on a crate, that is just underneath the mill. You must have activated the Smoking and Other Hobbies mission in order to see the card. 2. Appaloosa: Saint Denis, Bayou Nwa, Lemoyne - Located on the pier directly South of the "T" in Saint Denis, you will find the card on top of a barrel at the southeastern corner of the pier. 3. Andalusian: Painted Sky, Big Valley, West Elizabeth - Located at the very back wall of the stable, on top of a shelf. 4. American Standardbred: Catfish Jacksons, Scarlett Meadows, Lemoyne - Located at the southern most point in Lemoyne, you will find a small cabin. Inside this cabin, you will find the cigarette card inside the boy's bedroom on top of his desk, along with the Missouri Fox Trotter card. 5. Nokota: Rhodes, Lemoyne - Find this card on a work bench inside the stable that is located directly behind the Gunsmith. 6. Ardennes: Wallace Station, Big Valley, West Elizabeth - Find this card at the Wallace Train Station, on the shelf that is located in the middle of the platform. 7. Dutch Warmblood: Downes Ranch, The Heartlands, New Hanover - You'll find this card in the house. Look on the fireplace mantle next to the bunkbeds. 8. Turkoman: This card can be found on a work bench,at the Veteran's Homestead cabin near O'Creagh's Run. The card can also be found at Fort Wallace, Cumberland Forest, NH - However, it is only available during Chapter 6, between the missions The King's Son and Our Best Selves. Located on a crate at the base of the northwest tower of Fort Wallace. 9. Hungarian Halfbred: Armadillo, Cholla Springs, New Austin - Located directly West of the first "A" in Armadillo, you will find the card sitting on the floor, through a hole in the Blacksmith's front door. 10. Mustang: Downes Ranch, New Heartlands, New Hanover - You will find the card on the second floor of the Downes Ranch barn, sitting on top of a hay bale. 11. Thoroughbred: Rhodes, Scarlett Meadows, Lemoyne - To find this card, search the back of the wagon that is located just West of the Rhodes Train Station, next to a bunch of cotton bales. 12. Missouri Fox Trotter: Catfish Jacksons, Scarlett Meadows, Lemoyne - Located at the southern most point in Lemoyne, you will find a small cabin. Inside this cabin, you will find the cigarette card inside the boy's bedroom on top of his desk, along with the American Standardbred card.     

Challenges Bandit Challenge: 1. Hold up 5 townsfolk 2. Rob any 2 coaches or return any 2 stolen coaches to the Fence 3. Rob the cash register in any 4 shops in one day 4. Rob any 3 coaches or return any 3 stolen coaches to the fence in a day 5. Amass $250 bounty in one state 6. Steal 5 horses and sell them to the Horse Fence at Clemens Cove 7. Rob $50 worth of cash and valuables from townsfolk and travellers 8. Steal 7 wagons and sell them to the Fence at Emerald Ranch 9. Hogtie someone and leave them on the railroad 3 times 10. Complete 5 train robberies without dying or being caught Explorer Challenge: 1. Find a Treasure Map 2. Find a Treasure 3. Find a Treasure 4. Find a Treasure 5. Find a Treasure 6. Find a Treasure 7. Find a Treasure 8. Find a Treasure 9. Find a Treasure 10. Find a Treasure Herbalist Challenge: 1. Pick 6 Yarrow 2. Pick and eat 4 species of berry 3. Craft 7 items using sage as an ingredient 4. Pick 5 mushrooms and feed them to your horse 5. Craft 9 items using Indian Tobacco as an ingredient 6. Pick 15 different species of herbs 7. Craft and use 5 special miracle tonics 8. Use oleander sage to craft 6 poison weapons 9. Pick one of each species of herbs 10. Season and cook all 11 types of meat Page 171 to 173 

Gambler Challenge: 1. Win 5 hands of poker. 2. In Blackjack, double down and win the hand 5 times. 3. Win 3 games of Five Finger Fillet. 4. Bust one poker opponent out in each location (Flatneck Station, Saint Denis, Valentine). 5. Win 3 rounds of dominoes without drawing any tiles against 2 or fewer opponents. 6. Beat the Blackjack dealer in two locations (Rhodes and Van Horn). 7. Beat the five-finger fillet player in every location (Strawberry, Valentine, Van Horn). 8. Win three hands of Blackjack with three hits or more. 9. Win three games of dominoes in a row. 10. Win three hands of Poker in a row. Horseman Challenge: 1. Kill 5 rabbits from horseback 2. Jump over 3 obstacles in 15 seconds 3. Ride from Valentine to Rhodes in less than five minutes 4. While mounted, drag a victim for 3300 feet using your lasso 5. Trample 5 animals while on horseback. 6. Ride from Strawberry to Saint Denis in 9 minutes without touching water. 7. Kill 7 enemies from horseback without dismounting. 8. Kill 9 predators from horseback. 9. Ride from Van Horn to Blackwater in less than 17 minutes without touching any water. 10. Break every wild horse breed. Master Hunter Challenge: 1. Skin 3 deer 2. Collect 3 perfect quality rabbit pelts 3. Track 10 different animal species using your binoculars 4. Call an animal and get a clean kill 5 times 5. Skin 3 black or grizzly bears 6. Kill 5 cougars with your bow, then skin them 7. Use bait to lure and kill both a herbivore and predator 8. Catch 3 fish without using a fishing rod 9. Catch an opossum playing possum 10. Find and kill the legendary panther “Giaguaro”  

Sharpshooter Challenge: 1. Kill 3 flying birds 2. Kill 2 different species of animal in the same Dead Eye use 3. Kill 5 flying birds while on a moving train 4. Kill someone at 80 feet away with a tomahawk 5. Kill 6 animals without switching or reloading your weapon 6. Kill someone at least 660 feet away with a long-scoped rifle 7. Get 7 headshots in a row. 8. Disarm 3 enemies without reloading or switching your weapon 9. Shoot 3 people’s hats off in the same Dead Eye use 10. Kill 3 flying birds with 3 consecutive long scoped rifle shots Survivalist Challenge: 1. Catch 3 Bluegill fish 2. Hand 5 animals into camp or trapper 3. Kill 5 animals with a varmint rifle 4. Craft a dynamite, fire, improved, poison, and small game arrow 5. Catch a fish in the Bayou from a riverboat and while standing on train tracks 6. Kill a scavenging animal while it is feeding a corpse 5 times 7. Kill 8 small game animals with consecutive shots, using small game arrows 8. Craft a homing tomahawk, improved tomahawk, volatile dynamite, and volatile fire bottle 9. Catch a fish that weighs at least 19lb 10. Catch one of each type of fish throughout the world Weapons Expert Challenge: 1. Kill 3 enemies with a knife 2. Kill 3 enemies in 10 seconds using only throwing knives 3. Kill 3 birds of prey using only a tomahawk 4. Kill 10 enemies with a shotgun using crafted ammo 5. Kill 5 mounted enemies, using 1 throwing knife per kill 6. Kill 4 enemies at the same time with a single stick of dynamite 7. Kill 4 consecutive enemies by throwing and retrieving the same tomahawk 8. Kill 15 enemies using a long-barrelled shotgun 9. Kill 9 unaware enemies from behind, using the bow 10. Kill a grizzly bear without taking damage, using only throwing knives 

